okay guys can stop this tutorial use a
new ball paint pop by Mac it's just a
base with peachy nude color to it and
this is going right on my eyelid in my
crease and up to my brow also I'm
putting it on my lower lash line now
taking a dirty gold color gold yellow
color this going in the inner corner of
my eye patting it on to get the most
color payoff here also putting it very
inner corner near the tear duct and in
the lower lash line and the inner corner
going in my web blog band easy palette
taking that ivory color it's kind of a
dupe to brulee by mac and this is going
in the middle of my eyelid patting it on
again because I want the most color
payoff and also flop adding blending
into the golden yellow color
next I'm taking a white base using NYX
milk to my sinful and this is going in
the very outer corner of my eye because
we will be placing a shadow that I want
to be super pigmented right thur so I'm
blending out the milk did that sound
funny to anyone else yeah thoughts
though but be sure to blend out the base
very well cuz NYX jumbo eye shadow
pencils always need to blend it out so
that they don't crease now taking this
green beautiful green color with a
pencil brush so nice little tiny pencil
brush as you can see and this is going
right where we placed milk huh so funny
where I placed milk Oh lap the knee
anyways yes and I'm blending it outwards
towards the outer corner so it's in the
outer corner and just learning it up but
mostly padding the color on because I
want the most pigmentation at this
eyeshadow color has to offer the
palettes by city color by the way got it
from friday's now taking a bigger
blending brush and I'm blending that
green and that ivory color towards the
outer corner of the eye
now taking soft brown do from the vanity
palette this is going in the crease with
a fluffy blending brush making sure
there are no harsh lines to the colors
that were placed previously
now taking a shimmery creamy color this
is going to be my highlight going right
under the arch of my brow I love this
color this palette is just awesome
seriously and that green I'm bringing
down into the outer corner of the lower
lash line and here's the final world um
I added falsies mascara gel liner and
pencil liner to my waterline I hope you
guys like it so pretty full perfect for
summer now taking bronzer from my ELF
duo blush bronzer duo thing and i'm
contouring my face with that and
contouring my big forehead whoop whoop
gotta do what I gotta do now taking this
beautiful pinky coral color it's kind of
light I'm patting that color onto my
cheeks and then blending upwards and I
will continue to add as much color as
need to until I get the pigmentation I
desire but I'm going to continue
blending up
this is the final safe look and now
taking crew highlight from the hey
sailor collection hey hey and this is
going right the top of my cheekbones yep
now time for the other cheek bone down
the bridge of my nose and right at my
cupids bow next taking fin may by NYX oh
I love this lipstick it's kind of like
c'est la vie from the hey sailor
collection and it's just going on the
lips it's actually pretty moisturizing
surprisingly
this is the final look thank you for
watching guys I hope you guys like it
you